README.md, before:

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu.svg)](https://gitter.im/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu)
[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu)

# \<shibui-dropdown-menu\>

Simple, modern, and inspired dropdown menu.

<!---
```
<custom-element-demo height="160">
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="shibui-dropdown-menu.html">
    <style>
      body {
        font-family: 'Roboto', 'Noto', sans-serif;
      }

      shibui-dropdown-menu {
        --shibui-dropdown-color: #79589F;
        --shibui-dropdown-content: {
          width: 200px;
        };
      }
    </style>
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->
```html
<shibui-dropdown-menu>
  <button slot="trigger">Trigger</button>
  <a>Account Settings</a>
  <a>Notifications</a>
  <a>Sign out</a>
</shibui-dropdown-menu>
```

### Inspired By

- **https://heroku.com**

Commit message:

Added Directory badges
Hi, 

Your component is listed on Vaadin Directory. We think it would be cool to showcase these badges. For more information on how to generate these badges, head to this [guide](https://vaadin.com/blog/vaadin-directory-now-welcomes-custom-github-badges).

Binh

README.md, after:

[![Gitter](https://badges.gitter.im/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu.svg)](https://gitter.im/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge)
[![Published on Vaadin  Directory](https://img.shields.io/badge/Vaadin%20Directory-published-00b4f0.svg)](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/ShibuiElementsshibui-dropdown-menu)
[![Stars on Vaadin Directory](https://img.shields.io/vaadin-directory/star/ShibuiElementsshibui-dropdown-menu.svg)](https://vaadin.com/directory/component/ShibuiElementsshibui-dropdown-menu)
[![Published on webcomponents.org](https://img.shields.io/badge/webcomponents.org-published-blue.svg)](https://www.webcomponents.org/element/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu)
[![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/ShibuiElements/shibui-dropdown-menu)

# \<shibui-dropdown-menu\>

Simple, modern, and inspired dropdown menu.

<!---
```
<custom-element-demo height="160">
  <template>
    <script src="../webcomponentsjs/webcomponents-lite.js"></script>
    <link rel="import" href="shibui-dropdown-menu.html">
    <style>
      body {
        font-family: 'Roboto', 'Noto', sans-serif;
      }

      shibui-dropdown-menu {
        --shibui-dropdown-color: #79589F;
        --shibui-dropdown-content: {
          width: 200px;
        };
      }
    </style>
    <next-code-block></next-code-block>
  </template>
</custom-element-demo>
```
-->
```html
<shibui-dropdown-menu>
  <button slot="trigger">Trigger</button>
  <a>Account Settings</a>
  <a>Notifications</a>
  <a>Sign out</a>
</shibui-dropdown-menu>
```

### Inspired By

- **https://heroku.com**
